Most likely to be found at the Coho?
Most likely to be asleep at 5pm?
Most likely to be awake at 5am?
Cleanest room
Messiest room
Best Couple that is (couple = loosely interpreted)?
Best Couple that never was?
Odd couple?
Whose door is always open?
Dorm fashionista?
Most fliratious?
Most likely to be famous?
Most like to become the next Kyle Haynes (live in FloMo for his whole Stanford career)?
Who is ridiculously good looking?
Who is so hot and doesn’t know it?
Most likely to hook up with a faculty member?
Most likely to hook up with a sketchy grad student?
Most likely to become a sketchy grad student?
Most likely to end up on staff?
Most likely to borrow Sally’s car?
Most likely to marry another Cardenalian?
Most naked?
Most likely to be found watching Sally’s tv?
Least likely to be in the shower?
Most likely to be in the shower?
Party room?
Most likely to win Nobel Prize?
Most likely to be found playing foosball?
Most accident prone?
Most likely to stage a coup against the government?
Most likely to become a rock star?
Most likely to save the planet?
Best roommates?
Roommates that should have been?
Who shows the most flove?
Most likely to become a SLE section leader?
Most likely to rule a small island nation?
Honorary Cardenal resident?
Best hangout room?
Dorm Mom/Dad?
Most likely to stalk someone on the Facebook?
Most likely to post on your Facebook wall?
Most memorable dorm event?
Loudest?
Who is most likely to be engaged in a battle to the death with Katie Ridley?
Funniest drunk?
Most likely to pull an all-nighter?
Most likely to be asleep in the lounge?
Cardenalian you would take home to meet your parents?
Dirtiest Mind?
Who is your secret crush:
Most dedicated slacker?
Most likely to make you laugh?
Most likely to perform in Carnegie Hall?
Most likely to win a Nobel Prize?
Most fun at a party?
Boy/girl who mom & dad would love you to bring home?
Most likely to talk to themselves incessantly once they are in a world without chat lists?
Most likely to be late to their own funeral?
Biggest flirt?
Sweetest?
Most creative?
Best smile?
Best laugh?
Most likely to be a multi-millionaire?
Most likely to dance on Broadway?
Most likely to have a book-signing at Border's?
Most likely to be a professor?
Most likely to miss their own wedding to take someone to the airport?
Person with whom you would like to be stranded on a desert island?
Most likely to live in a house with a white picket fence and have 2.4 kids?
Most creative procrastinator?
Most likely to climb to the top of Mount Everest (or Olympus Mons)?
Most likely to win an Oscar?
Future American Idol?
Most likely to be an Olympian?
Most committed to FroSoCo?
First to get married?
Makes everything look like a breeze?
Most likely to marry a fellow resident?
Friendliest resident?
Most likely to triple major?
Most likely to be on staff (this year's and next year's staff don't count)?
Most likely to live in FroSoCo all four years (and hasn't yet)?
Most likely to try to seduce a CA?
Most likely to make a difference?
Best person to talk to when you're having a bad day?
Greatest sleep debt?
Best room to hang out in?
Most beautifully decorated room?
Worst pigsty?
Most likely to be President of the U.S.?
Most likely to pull a coup de etat to become dictator of a territory?
Most huggable?
Most ridiculously good looking?
Who has the best whiteboard?
Most likely to become a CA?
Most likely to make millions as a professional gamer?
Most likely to become a professional ninja?
Most likely to become a professional pirate?
Cutest Couple?
Best Roommates?
Hookup that should happen, but hasn't?
Hookup that should have happened, and did?
